# Bio v1 (replaced 2026-05-09)

Original bio from `src/pages/index.astro`, saved before the more-professional rewrite.

---

I started getting interested in AI when I was seventeen and realised that the human brain wasn't anything more than a computer. I read *Superintelligence* by Nick Bostrom and thought it all sounded very fascinating, but when I learned about CNNs and modern ML I thought there was really no way this stuff was going to happen within the timelines predicted at the start of the book (they turned out to be pretty decent!).

So during Covid I started reading about my new favourite topic: consciousness. *Consciousness Explained* by Daniel Dennett, along with *From Bacteria to Bach and Back*, is how I really grokked the idea that bottom-up processes can be pretty powerful and lead to surprising emergent properties.

You'd think I would catch onto AI and scaling laws, but instead I got pretty interested in another kind of bottom-up process: markets. It was pretty clear to me after an internship at Optiver that all the smartest people I knew were going into trading. So I (as a good trader) followed the flow, with a quick pit-stop in Bochum to work with the fantastic [François Kammerer](https://www.francoiskammerer.com/) on the best theory of consciousness: illusionism.

So I moved to Amsterdam. Got my first paycheck, immediately bought a boat. Learned a bit of Dutch and a lot about life. Trading teaches you a lot, especially when you're surrounded by very smart people. But when o3 came out it became clear to me the world was going to change, and that this intuition I had back when I was 17 was actually maybe worth acting on.

So I left trading, applied to MATS, and started doing empirical AI welfare research. Lucky for me, all that consciousness reading turns out to be useful as we try to make sense of what we are creating.
